Update API-Only User doc (#6725)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/fleetctl-CLI.md

## Using fleetctl with an API-only user

> When running automated workflows using the Fleet API, we recommend using the API key from a specially-created API-only user rather than using the API key of a regular user. A regular user's API key expires regularly for security purposes, requiring regular update. Meanwhile, an API-only user's key does not expire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running automated workflows using the Fleet API, we recommend a regular user's API key rather than using the API key of a regular user. A regular user's API key expires frequently for security purposes, requiring routine updates. Meanwhile, an API-only user's key does not expire.
```

Reviewer 2: +1 to @Desmi-Dizney suggestions

fleetctl user create --name "API User" --email api@example.com --password temp!pass --api-only
```

### Permissions for an API-only user
An API-only user can be given the same permissions as a regular user. The default access level is `Observer`. For more information on permissions, see the [user permissions documentation](./Permissions.md#user-permissions).

If you'd like your API-only user to have a different access level than the default `Observer` role, you can specify what level of access the new user should have using the `--global-role` flag:

```
fleetctl user create --name "API User" --email api@example.com --password temp!pass --api-only --global-role admin
```

### Use fleetctl as an API-only user

> To use fleetctl with an API-only user, you will need to log in with `fleetctl login`. Once done, you'll now be able to perform tasks using `fleetctl` as your new API-only user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use fleetctl with an API-only user, you will need to log in with `fleetctl login`. Once done, you'll be able to perform tasks using `fleetctl` as your new API-only user.
```
